feature: Simple retriable exception to remove error spam from logs (#444)
confluentinc/parallel-consumer: src/docs/README_TEMPLATE.adoc

A failure is denoted by *any* exception being thrown from the user's processing function.
The system catches these exceptions, logs them and replaces the record in the queue for processing later.
All types of Exceptions thrown are considered retriable.
To not retry a record, do not throw an exception from your processing function.

TIP:: To avoid the system logging an error, throw an exception which extends RetriableException.

> TIP:: If there was an error procesing eh record, and you'd like to skip it - do not throw an exception, and the system will mark the record as succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP:: If there was an error processing a record, and you'd like to skip it - do not throw an exception, and the system will mark the record as succeeded.
```
